Starting over

by Sudrien



Darimasen is my first real project, my first useful project beyond 
all the examples and tests of my formal education. I deliberately
choose somthing with high complexity: there are not that many file
managers compared with other genres of programming, and the menu system
of navigation is possible the first of its kind.

And that is where all the difficulties come in.

One can design for a standard navigation FM, because it is standard. There
are expected actions, responces, etc. Tabs are not too much of an extension;
keep multiple instances available of everything, make simple consistancy checks
when major operations happen (copy, delete, and so on).

But the Darimasen Menu system can allow you to do ANY operation on ANY
file in ANY location. The checks required to do this properly and consistantly...

...requires everything to be self-aware.


0.0.8 is proof that the Darimasen Menu System can work. Efficiently, even.

Now comes the checking.

If a tab is no longer needed, it goes.
If a file is gone, its icon drops from the face of the earth.




Very little doesn't need to be redesigned and rewritten. I might even switch to C#.




Up to this point, I was making a system.
After this, I'm making a File manager.


-Sudrien.



----------


With that said, Here is the known future of the Darimasen project.

The current SVN repository will become "Darimasen-0.0.x"; there will be no branch,
due to the fact that everything will be starting again.

The release of 0.0.9 is possible; it will be a buxfix release, with no added features
currently expected. 0.0.10 will follow, if need be.

There will be no version 0.1.0 - that would send the wrong signal, as far as I'm
 concerned. 0.1.x will come next - it will contain rich descriptions of each of
the planned components, a plain text file accompanying every source file. Every 25 commits
there will be a release, format 0.1.date. Care will be taken that it can be compilable,
using either g++ or mono ( want garbage collection - I really do ). It will continue to use
Gtk+-2.6-wrapped widgets. As I haven't downloaded mono yet, it will probably be a while. 




